route 1 art settles us
art to the streets is a good omen
it's a triumph over fear the absence
Silence is the claim on
everything negative that threatens
keep our expressions in the
Underground
art to the streets does not have peace a
tidal wave of sensations impulses the
best of the union melodies and
participation are the itinerary of this
route
ah
the expectation is
create a furor for people who stay
extremely happy
to the pieces the works that I take from
gonda too
fast
expression
of artist artists here in chivas
please
the route is an organized cultural event
for the civil association art and culture
contemporary chihuahua in which he
people from germany are participating
people from the district are participating
federal- of several cities in the USA and
here from the local city
I think there were more than 50 current
to the route is the beginning of something that
let's do here in Chihuahua with all
people
if it's my honor to be part of this
art and culture festival
because then I'm first
interesting that they are all projects
set out here that space and the
local project because they are not importing
a project from another owner gives access to
that culture is distributed in a way
more in holy faith more coherent
people who expose themselves with other eyes
here the monk
so it started a small project
it's something big etc
that has a lot of importance because it is
historical but also that it is a dream
that she had been gestating for
much the phenomenon that is happening with
about route 1 and 11 that people
is going out into the street to space
public to congregate to socialize
participate all that I think it is a
quite interesting project since it has
managed to approach art in a very
integral with citizenship
take back the city people who only
they come to walk the center of the car
now I go walking and
they know and they return it as it reveals and
in a certain way
you take the same thing again as always
has been there but the networks course
before one thought that certain cities
happens but here it is not already there
take it and you have to push for what
it serves
it's an experience like that is
I believe that for all motivators
everyone
there is a great spirit well up
above
all right
no no no